Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Open 15.
Hey. get up!
You got a visitor. Look alive.
Becket.
I'm Father James Morris.
one of the chaplains here.
How are you feeling today?
Cheesecake?
No. thank you.
You know.
I ordered vanilla
and they brought me chocolate.
Kill me now.
So. Father. appreciate you
coming down here.
but I'm fine.
Well. forgive me.
but most people
in your position
feel a bit differently.
Well. I'd argue
most people in my position.
most people. in general.
lack my sense of clarity.
presence of mind.
I don't mean to overstep.
but. um. this may be
the last opportunity
you have to speak to anyone.
Is there nothing
you'd like to share?
You know
why I'm here. right?
- I know a little.
- Well. it's not true.
The real story.
it's much more...
impressive.
Do you want
to tell me about it?
Well...
I should warn you...
it's a tragedy.
And it doesn't even
start with me.
Funny enough.
it starts with someone else.
And by that I mean. my mother.
...has completely
forgotten how to play.
...Mary Estella Redfellow.
Longtime resident
of Huntington. Long Island.
an heiress
to a family fortune
valued then at 18.
19 billion US dollars.
Thank you.
Now.
there's a rumor out there
that money
doesn't buy happiness.
Dead wrong.
Money does buy happiness.
We're all adults here.
Let's move on.
I'm told that the night
she met my father
was a night like any other.
And by that. I mean
she was young. rich.
What could ever go wrong?
What time is it?
Oh. my God!
- What?
- Oh. my God.
- I have to go right now.
- You gotta go now?
Bye.
What are you doing?
- I have to go.
- Okay.
I applaud you
for telling us.
That being said.
I think you know
what has to happen.
I'm 18.
Tragically.
No.
This should be my decision.
This should be me.
All right.
You can either get rid of it
or do what you like.
But not here.
Not under this roof.
In this way. she went
from being Mary Redfellow
of Huntington. New York...
...to Mary Redfellow
of Belleville. New Jersey.
Breathe.
You're doing well.
I can't. No. no.
BECKET My father saw me
only once...
Oh. my God!
...which was enough to give
him a pulmonary embolism
right there at Jersey City
Memorial Hospital.
...a vehicle that we haven't
seen before...
My mother
was left alone
to work at the Newark
Department of Motor Vehicles.
Pretty soon. she told me
something important.
In the painting...
We may have been
kicked out of the family.
but we weren't kicked
out of the inheritance.
See. my grandfather had
drawn up an irrevocable trust
to avoid paying estate taxes.
It meant that the fortune.
the whole thing.
the real estate.
the boats. the planes.
an island or two.
would be passed down
to the next oldest in line.
no matter what.
And me. being the youngest.
I might inherit
the entire thing someday.
assuming I outlive the others.
I just had to wait.
For all of them to die.
Now a single mother
doing it all herself.
you might assume
life was tough. but...
...I'll tell you now...
'Cause they all sound
the same once you...
...despite our
financial handicap.
she made sure I had all
the culture. class. and style
of a highborn young man.
So when it goes.
it goes through the target.
See how much
of a difference that makes?
- Mmm-hmm.
- See?
You just open up
your shoulders.
That is so much better.
Okay.
That was
the first time...
the first time I saw her.
Julia Steinway.
Right off. I could see
we were the perfect match.
And clearly. I wasn't wrong.
This was. without a doubt.
a girl of great
social bearing. taste. charm.
What's next?
The big one?
I was
in the right place.
What are you doing here?
Your mom invited me.
Where do you live?
Belleville Township.
Do you live on the street?
What?
I heard people
there live on the street.
I don't live on the street.
And I mean. I won't
be there forever
because I'm supposed
to inherit
a lot of money
or something. so...
A lot of money. huh?
Are you trying to impress me?
It's okay if you are.
Next. we have Lyle Archdale!
It's all right.
Everyone. it's okay.
Lyle. can you see?
Just keep playing.
Hey. Becket.
Can you come with me?
Well. my mother was young...
which is why
she hadn't paid attention
to the symptoms at first.
Doctors either.
And the family. um.
I'm sure they knew.
I'm sure they could've helped.
But nothing.
Not one single word.
Becket.
this is all wrong.
What's all wrong?
You should have
more than this.
Something was taken from you.
And I want you
to promise me something.
Will you do that?
Okay.
Promise me...
that you won't quit...
until you have
the right kind of life.
Until you have
the kind of life
that you deserve to have.
That I raised you to have.
Can you do that for me?
"The right kind of life."
What did she mean by that?
Her final request
was to be buried
at the Redfellow Mausoleum
on the family plot
in Huntington.
We are
gathered here...
When no answer came.
she arrived
at her final resting place
just off the parkway
in East Orange.
And Jesus tells us.
"I am the way.
"the truth. and the life.
"He who has faith..."
Or she indeed...
In that moment.
I made up my mind.
Right then and there.
I would go straight
to the source
and demand my rightful place
at my rightful home.
"We hope this finds you well."
After that. I enjoyed
a brief and colorful tour
of the New Jersey
foster care system.
As for Julia.
I saw her less and less...
until finally...
never at all.
And I had to wonder
if we crossed paths again.
who would I be?
A great success?
Or no?
Anyway. many years
later. I found myself working
a perfectly respectable job.
the kind where you wear a suit
to the office every day.
- Morning.
- You're early.
Yes. sir.
Uh. why don't you jump on that
order from uptown. please?
Upper West.
I still kept track
of the Redfellows
and the estate.
Sadly. their mortality rate
was irritatingly low.
And I'd pretty much accepted
that I'd never see
a penny of the fortune.
Not in this lifetime. anyway.
And maybe that was fine.
Becket?
No fucking way!
- Wow.
- Oh. my God.
Oh. my God. Hi!
Yeah. Wow.
Oh. my...
I can't believe it's you.
I can't believe
it's me either. How...
- Wow.
- What's with the. uh...
Are you in
the Secret Service or...
Oh.
- Yes.
- Yeah.
Can't really talk
about it.
So. are you living
in the city now?
Yeah. I do. I do.
A little...
- A little outside of it.
- Oh.
Um. are you still in...
What was it?
Belleville Township.
- Right.
- So...
You're still there?
How about you? Are you...
What. are you still
in Montclair?
Yeah. I was in London
for a while and then Dubai.
but now I'm back in
the old country.
Wow. Well...
I mean. I'd...
I'd love to properly
catch up if...
you want to grab
a drink sometime?
That'd be great.
But the timing's
sort of. um...
Just the timing.
Sure.
It was great
to see you.
I'm glad
you're still like this.
Like... Like what?
Just like yourself.
Oh. um...
Whatever happened to
the Redfellow family fortune?
I'll inherit it.
Someday.
Well. call me
when you've killed them all.
Lyle.
Becket's inside there.
Becket?
Do you remember Becket
from school?
Of course he works here.
Promise me
that you won't quit...
until you have
the right kind of life.
There were
seven of them.
Seven Redfellows
walking the earth
while my mother
lay cold in the ground
and I lived in a duplex.
If I were to prune
a few branches
of the family tree.
where would I start?
- Taylor Exeter Redfellow.
- Thank you very much.
Broker at his father's
financial service firm.
My cousin wasn't
just easy to find.
he was hard to avoid
once you got anywhere
near the Financial District.
♪ Wish somebody would tell me
I'm fine ♪
♪ Losing my sight
Losing my mind ♪
♪ Wish somebody
would tell... ♪
Even if I did it.
how would I do it?
And what then?
Would I collapse in regret?
Turn myself in?
Let's face it.
who am I kidding?
I couldn't possibly be capable
of something like that.
Yo. let me
grab you for a minute.
I don't...
I don't think I understand.
We just think
you might be happier.
If I transferred
to Jersey City?
It's closer to where you live.
- They have parking.
- Parking.
Are you talking about
the shipping center?
All right. Vic's kid
dropped out of school.
You're giving my job to
the owner's 19-year-old kid?
I'm not doing
anything. man.
This wasn't my idea.
I don't want to work
in a warehouse.
It's inconvenient
for me. too. okay?
- Help me out.
- Darryl.
- Please?
- I'm good at this.
- I work hard. I show up.
- I know. I know.
Shouldn't that sort of thing
be rewarded?
Bro.
this is ridiculous!
Holy shit!
Come on. man.
- Are you gonna fucking do it?
- I'm fucking ready.
- Come on!
- I'm fucking ready!
- Go!
- Let's go!
- I'm doing it!
- Let's fucking go!
Yeah!
Yeah! Pick it up.
You're still poor. assholes!
- Whoa!
- Whoo!
Yeah!
Eat the money!
Hey!
Just like before.
my cousin was easy to find.
I didn't have a plan exactly.
but the proverbial
and literal doors
were wide open.
World Star.
motherfucker!
Could this be
my opportunity
to get Taylor alone?
At this point.
I could have gone home and...
maybe I would have
on a different day. but...
as the Bible says.
"The journey
of a thousand miles
"begins with a single step."
- Does the Bible say that?
- No.
Oh.
Oh. thank God.
They put fucking low ethanol
in the engine.
Get the anchor.
Call fucking Baywatch.
Call David-fucking-Hasselhoff.
It's my boat.
Ah. fuck.
My helicopter.
That's my jet ski.
Time out.
I gotta take a minute.
think this through.
Process what
I'm actually doing here.
and if I'm carrying
this out...
Wait.
Who are you?
I'm Becket.
Whoa!
By God.
Was that it?
Was it that easy?
I hate to say yes.
but it is true.
And if the whole thing
gave you a strange thrill...
Well. I guess you and I
have something in common.
Anyway...
can you believe I
attended the funeral?
Excuse me.
Are you Warren Redfellow?
Yeah. that's right.
I'm... I'm so sorry
for your loss.
Thanks.
I'm not sure I. uh...
I'm not sure
I know your name.
I'm Becket.
Mary's son. I'm your nephew.
You're fucking with me.
Eighteen years old.
she had the guts to stand up
to the son of a bitch.
None of us could've done it.
Not me. at least.
I should've kept
in better touch.
Been part of her life.
part of your life.
I wish I would've gotten
a chance to know Taylor.
He seemed like a...
I'm sorry.
- Don't apologize.
- It's... No.
Don't apologize. Really.
You know who did it to him?
Huh?
I assure you.
that's not the case.
I wasn't there.
When he was coming up...
And I knew damn well that
he was going off the handle
with the cars
and the prescription.
Anyway...
what do you do. Becket?
Oh!
Yeah.
it's been in the family
since La Guardia
was in office.
I think every financial crisis
for the last 100 years
started in the boardroom.
I was here for two of 'em.
All right.
welcome to the inner sanctum.
- There. take a seat.
- Well. this is nice.
I got this bottle
from Dick Cheney.
Better be good.
You know. we got Taylor's spot
downstairs and...
Keep your head down.
ears open.
Yeah. I'm not even
remotely qualified.
- No shit. It's nepotism.
- I just don't...
He wasn't even
remotely qualified. either.
Neither was I at one point.
I guess the question is...
would it be right?
Becket. truth is.
I should've helped you out
a long time ago. and I didn't.
So let me do it now.
This was
never the plan.
But I did need a job.
Other than that. you just
gotta save your receipts.
all right? If you don't do it.
then I can't help you.
This is your home
for the next while.
Okay.
Get going.
Hey. man.
you already got this on email.
but here's the hard copy.
It goes up to 543.
so you should be able
- to hit 700 by close. right?
- What?
You can't let that ring.
You gotta answer it.
Answer it.
Hello? How do you...
- How do you answer it?
- The blue one.
- The blue?
- Yeah.
- There's no blue.
- No. it didn't devalue.
Now. I won't bore you
with the details.
But I will say this.
the wealthiest people
in New York
don't actually make
any money whatsoever.
They keep a percentage
of what other people make.
which is a far more
adaptable way of living
and one better suited
to my overall disposition.
That's all liquid.
I'm talking about debt.
In the first week alone.
I learned the language.
Collateral. dividend.
- deduction. kicker...
- Okay. but I...
...bailing. bootstrapping.
closure. clawback.
lying. cheating.
tailing. trickery.
I finally had a real job.
and I could use the education.
I might have a fortune
of my own to manage
someday soon enough.
Someday soon enough.
Hello?
Is this Becket Redfellow.
the new hire at W&R?
Apologies. who's asking?
I hope
this isn't a bad time.
No. No.
Uh. how is married life?
We just got back
from our honeymoon.
Wow. Greece? Maldives?
Florida.
Oh.
Remember that time
you asked me out last year?
You were folding khaki pants.
looking sad and pathetic?
Doesn't ring a bell.
I didn't mind.
You know?
In case you felt embarrassed.
You could even
try again sometime.
See what happens.
Try... Try again?
Do you wanna...
Do you wanna grab
a drink sometime?
Well. no.
I'm married.
No. I... No. I... I know.
I mean. I just didn't...
But I hope we run into
each other sometime soon.
I always get
so much out of it.
Let's go! Come on!
Perfect!
Anyway. who's next?
Ooh!
Be like me!
Hello. Internet.
I'm Noah Redfellow.
This is my domicile.
And. like.
what would you say
are the main struggles
as an artist these days?
Probably. like.
imposter syndrome.
- Okay.
- Not me for myself.
but. like. from other
people about me.
where they're like.
"He's not...
"He's like... you're full
of shit." or whatever.
And it's like. "No. dude."
That's fuckin'
imposter syndrome.
- Do you have a day job?
- A day job? Yeah.
Artist.
Now. I can't say I was
a professional at this point.
but I had a bit
more confidence
than the first time around.
Enough to know
that you can. in fact.
get away with murder
and even get rewarded for it.
Super voyeuristic. right?
It's like the artist.
you know.
is making us an accomplice.
Making us complicit.
It's just so genius.
- The artist. huh?
- Yeah.
I'm sorry to ask this.
you're not...
You're not Noah Redfellow.
are you?
I don't know. Am I?
Oh. I'm just...
- I'm just a huge fan.
- Wow.
Yeah. I get a lot of that.
I... I try not to come around
too much on Fridays
'cause. you know.
people be on me.
Yeah. no. no. no.
I don't want to bother you.
- I'm sorry. Yeah.
- No. no. no. You know...
You know what I mean? Like...
You know. this next part
may sound kinda crazy.
I think you and I
actually may be cousins.
- What?
- I know.
So... so. you grew up
in Newark?
- Newark. yeah.
- Nice. dude!
That is grimy as fuck!
I mean. sure.
Yo. do you develop?
- Uh. what? Do I...
- Do you...
Do you develop.
like. your photos?
Oh. um...
No. not... not really.
No. man. You've gotta develop.
It drives me fucking crazy!
You know. no one develops.
and it's like. okay.
- if you're totally broke.
- Yeah.
Yeah. I get it.
Or if you don't have space.
Oh. fuck! Okay. um.
kick that beer.
Kick... kick the beer?
Yeah. kick the beer.
Go ahead. Yeah!
Like... Like that?
Yeah. nice.
Dude. that's us.
We're all just fucking
drunk girls at a party.
We don't know what's going on.
Huh?
This whole shit was made
by a company in Lithuania
out of. uh. recycled
toothbrushes or tampons. or...
It's. uh. medical.
You smoke?
- Uh. no.
- No?
Ooh. I'm dyin'.
Mm.
Yo. you really want to know
what we're doing up here?
What?
I got
the old lady thinking
I quit this shit in April
but I obviously did not.
and so now I'm just in a shack
like the fucking Unabomber
just... ...smoking.
you know?
- Shit.
- It's all fun and games
until they turn 30.
and then they start
asking for shit. right?
- Am I right?
- For... for sure. yeah.
For sure.
That's what I'm saying.
Hello?
Mm. fuck.
Speak of the devil.
Um...
You can keep a secret. right?
We're family?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
Hey.
I thought you weren't
coming home till later.
Nice to see you. too. babe.
Oh.
Come on. man. For real?
What?
It was literally. like.
one or two puffs.
Two puffs? Really?
That's literally
- all it was.
- Dude.
Because I was...
I had to because I was showing
Beckham. this dude.
right here.
Uh. I... I met him
at the show.
and he's my cousin. apparently.
- What?
- He's my fucking cousin.
Hey. I'm Ruth.
Becket.
His name is Becket.
not Beckham. I'm sorry.
Yo. I'm so hungry
I could literally eat Sbarro.
- Can we order something?
- Yeah.
Come on. He's just gonna try
and photograph you naked.
So don't do that.
- So you work in finance?
- Yeah. I... I do.
Why?
What do you mean?
I... I just mean
do you like it or...
Uh...
- Sure. I... I think so.
- Mmm.
- Suspiciously long pause.
- Well. it's hard work.
It's...
It's gonna pay off
at some point. I like that.
Oh. What happens then?
What happens
when it pays off?
- Right.
- It... it pays off.
What?
Right. but what happens?
What is happening?
We're just...
You're being weird
with our guest.
No. I'm just...
I'm... I'm sorry.
- I'm just curious.
- No. no. no. no. no.
No. no.
you're being weird.
We mustn't be weird
with our guest.
- We're having a conversation.
- You're being a weird dude.
- Okay.
- She's from. uh. Philadelphia.
- So...
- What... What do you do?
I. uh. I work in denim.
She saw Cardi B naked once.
- Right? Tell him.
- Okay. for the record.
I am changing careers.
I'm actually...
I'm getting my teaching
credential right now.
Teaching?
- High school lit.
- High school is not lit.
She's gonna make me wake up
at 6:00 a.m. every morning
because of her alarm.
and then I will microwave
my own head
to kill myself
just to get some relief.
Okay.
So high school lit.
what books will you teach?
What do you...
- Dickens. Conrad.
- Okay.
A Tale of Two Cities?
Uh. David Copperfield.
Well. then you must
know that the...
the actual title of the book
is not David Copperfield.
The Personal History.
Adventures. Experience.
- and Observations of David...
- David Copperfield
the Younger
of Blunderstone Rookery...
Which He Never Meant
to Publish on Any Account.
Are you guys
having a virgin-off?
What the fuck is this?
"I'm David Copperfield.
"I'm just a nerd. I'm a nerd.
I...
"Cut off my dick.
I don't use it anymore."
Guys. I gotta go.
I just realized
I hate both of you.
Well. it was nice to meet ya.
You as well.
Do you wanna come back
for dinner on Thursday?
We're having a...
- a group thing.
- Sure.
- Cool.
- Okay.
- Uh. bye.
- Uh...
- I'll... I'll text you. Yeah.
- All right.
All right. all right.
Adjustable markets.
right? Let's see...
This was a new
situation altogether.
Because let's face it.
the first time.
I'd gotten lucky.
This time.
I would need a plan.
A real plan.
People are gonna
figure it out.
- But what?
- It's a goddamn.
- you know. time bomb.
- Yeah. it is.
San Francisco
is the worst city
in the United States.
Why?
It's pretentious.
There
is no there there.
It's gentrified.
There's too many
art school drop-outs.
I think it's a great place.
If... if you have kids.
you have the ocean.
You've got the mountains.
Do you want kids?
I don't know. Maybe.
Cool. I get it.
What about you?
- Kids? Oh.
- Yeah.
I mean.
I don't hate kids. but...
Wait. I hate kids.
- I hate kids.
- Yeah.
I hate 'em.
Uh. I mean. you know. not.
like. Eastern European kids.
- Like. like. like...
- Oh. my God. What?
Well. they're very quiet
because they're traumatized
and they work very hard.
I think.
What?
Who told you this?
Frankles.
How? What do you mean.
like. sun exposure?
The whole thing
was simple enough in theory.
Add sulphur
and potassium chloride
to photographic stop bath
and you've essentially
made dynamite.
They'd think poor Noah
made a bad choice
in cleaning supplies.
Such as the bottle they'd find
under the kitchen sink
right behind the vinegar.
The final ingredient
would be a single spark
and no one would ever question
where that came from.
Um. where's. um...
- What's his name?
- Yeah. Uh. I'll check.
- I'll check.
- Oh. no. no. Let me check.
- I love that guy.
- Okay.
What...
What is his name. though?
- Becket. Yeah.
- Becket?
Yo. Bagel? You fall in?
Whoa.
You caught me.
Caught you doing what?
I'm sorry.
I couldn't help myself.
- Hey. well...
- I know.
You just had to have it.
I had to have it.
It's too good.
Well...
"To Bagel...
"Love White Basquiat."
Okay. Okay. sounds good.
- Get home safe.
- Bye. guys.
Bye. you guys.
Drink water.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thank you for coming.
See ya later.
Thanks for having us.
- Great seeing you.
- Good to see you.
If I didn't know any better...
I'd say you're trying
to get me alone.
Mm.
That's a little outrageous.
by the way.
The timing.
I mean.
we fall for each other.
the boyfriend ends up dead.
Might as well call
the sheriff myself. but...
The clock was set.
And it was about
eight minutes later when...
Do you have
any sympathy lilies?
I wanted nothing more
than to pick up
where we left off. but...
I had to give her time.
Making a move too quickly
would be pretty ungentlemanly.
given the situation.
And surely. she needed
some time to recover and...
Excuse me.
Ah. shit.
- Hi.
- Is it Becket?
- Yes.
I'm Agent Pinfield.
I'm with the FBI.
This is my partner.
Agent Matthews.
- Hi.
- How you doing?
Great.
So you are an heir
to the estate.
is that correct?
The...
The Redfellow estate?
No. Uh. not to my knowledge.
Not that you're aware of?
Well. my mom. she. um...
I guess she
grew up a Redfellow.
They had a falling out. Um...
But you came to the funeral.
Well. I'm a friend of Noah.
Uh. I... I was.
God. I. uh. yeah.
I was friends with Noah.
So you're not set
to inherit anything?
Look. I... I work a 9 to 5
like you guys. If I...
I mean.
if I were set to inherit.
what. $10 billion.
I think I'd change my hours.
Me too.
Sorry. do you mind
if I ask what...
what this is all about?
Sure. When. um.
two family members
die like this in a row
the bureau
has certain protocols.
Okay.
You all know
what they say.
you gotta be the meanest
son of a bitch on the block?
Well. here I am talking
about a kid
who got himself off the floor
by being a decent human being.
Started at the mail desk
10 months ago.
I think some of you
gave him shit. by the way.
Lucky I'm not naming
names. Johan.
Seriously. we all like it
when a good guy
makes a little progress.
Anyway. my man.
he's got a client already.
so let's get
back to work. huh?
You can
take your drinks with you.
I won't tell the boss.
I promise.
Tell me something.
Does he really think
you got here by hard work?
You're his nephew.
for Christ sake.
I'd invite you to stay.
but I have a client.
I am your client.
I need a loan.
You know my husband inherited
his father's brokerage.
but he didn't inherit
his father's talent
for running a brokerage.
I didn't know how bad
the bleeding had gotten
because he never told me.
so now I'm here...
and...
I'm not telling him.
You know
this isn't a bank. right?
Well. this would be
a special case. wouldn't it?
- How much do you need?
- Not a fortune.
But enough.
Well. I have relationships.
I can go through
the proper channels.
- God.
- We'd have to do
a background check.
Sounds so official.
What did you have in mind?
I don't know.
Maybe something
under the table.
Julia...
Mmm-hmm?
Um. I just...
Love the office.
by the way.
Those are my keys.
Look...
We should talk again.
and I wouldn't wait too long.
The opportunity might grow
legs and walk out the door.
Just one more thing. though.
Have you heard
about the Redfellows?
What about 'em?
Taylor? Noah?
I wonder who's next?
If I were you.
I might be nervous.
I'll expect to hear from you.
Until then.
I'm sure
you'll make a killing.
It was
probably nothing.
Either way.
my style of murder so far
had very little style at all.
I needed to be more careful.
- Hey. Ethan.
- Yes. sir.
Weird question.
Are you. like. a 40 regular?
Am I what?
Yes. yes. yes. yes.
yes. yes. yes. yes!
Oh. my God!
The next Redfellow
in line was a true outlier.
I mean. they were all
extreme personalities
but only one had managed
to build something like this.
Whatever this was.
Does He interfere
with your will?
- No!
- No. Uh-uh.
Does capital "H." He .
do all the work for you?
No!
You gotta
will your own. right?
Guess why.
That's the way He made you.
Now two
was a coincidence.
Three.
that would be a pattern.
That's yours.
But Steven Redfellow
had no shortage of enemies.
The man had been indicted
in two different countries
for money laundering.
and let's not forget
the lawsuit
with his former
business manager.
The crossroads. yet again.
So if Steven ended up
in a dumpster somewhere...
perhaps
it would be God's will.
...dicking us around.
Yeah.
Look. nobody doesn't
call you for three days
and thinks you're
a priority. okay?
No. No. they're
pulling our leg. man.
Oh. Mmm-hmm.
Yeah. that's 'cause
they're in real estate. Jason.
All right. look.
Uh. I gotta bounce.
I will hit you back later.
all right?
All right. peace.
Whoo! I just get so fricken
hyped on first Sundays. right?
- Oh. come on.
- Oh.
Ben Johnson.
Midwest Christian Magazine.
Oh. come on.
I know who you are. Please.
Have a seat.
Look. I'm sorry we couldn't
sit down last month.
I was actually in Korea.
We're opening a church over
there. so it's exciting stuff.
- Korea?
- It's a magical place.
Magical people.
Complicated tax laws. so...
I think our readers
just want to know
the man behind the movement.
Let's do it!
Let's do it.
Uh. you want to start
with the photos?
- Sure. Yeah.
- Um...
Can you tell me about
this one right here?
Okay. Uh. that's me
and the President of Armenia.
President of Panama. Look.
the church has been lucky
to make some good friends
over the years.
That is me with El Chapo.
Super interesting dude
if you actually.
I don't know. talk to him.
I mean...
But the press barbequed me
for that one too.
I'm not sure
if you know this. but...
I'm from like a. kind of
a well-known family.
I don't know. It just means
people are always
trying to knock me down.
You know.
take me out the game.
I just always tell myself
it's nothing my buddy J.C.
didn't have
to deal with. right?
It's. like. don't hate on me
just 'cause
my dad's a big deal.
or whatever. right?
Amen.
Yeah. you get it.
You know who else got it?
Mayor of Kyoto.
God put it on my heart
to open a church there. too.
And he gave me this. Oh.
Look at that.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Ooh-ah!
Here. feel it. Feel the tip.
Feel how sharp that is.
Feel it. Come on.
You gotta feel it.
Okay.
That's it. just touch it.
- Wow. Ow.
- Right?
Yeah. it's. like.
razor sharp. right?
So sharp.
I can give you a shave from
all the way over here. right?
Well. I shaved
this morning. so...
I know it was you.
I knew it was you
before you walked in the door.
See. Ben Johnson retired
eight months ago. so...
Your other victims
might've been too dumb
to put it together.
but not me.
You don't get out of here
until you come clean.
Come clean? What?
Come on.
Come on. let me hear it.
Hear what?
What... what do you want?
The truth. Come on.
You gotta
let that shit out. Right?
Look. I think you have me
confused with someone else.
I know everything! Say it!
What do you want me to say?
- What do you want me to say?
- Give it to me!
- Come on! Come on!
- Hey! Okay. okay. okay. okay.
Get it out there in the air.
Exorcise that shit!
Okay. okay. okay.
I lied. I lied. I lied.
- I'm not Ben Johnson. Okay.
- You're not. are you?
- Who are you?
- I'm Becket. I'm Becket.
I'm... I'm your cousin!
What'd you just say?
I'm your...
I'm... I'm your cousin.
You're not from The Post?
You're not
writing a hit piece?
You're not that guy?
What?
Oh.
Okay.
Uh. this is embarrassing.
I just get so paranoid
with this job. you know?
It's... Whew!
Whew!
Oh. man. I shoulda known
we were family.
It's like looking
in a freakin' mirror.
Something's
a little off with that.
Did you know
that tropane alkaloids
are an active ingredient
in most pre-workout
supplements?
If you have
too much of the stuff.
you might have
a massive heart attack.
And by too much.
I mean about 1.500 milligrams.
And the last thing the church
wanted was an investigation.
I'm sure
you know all about that.
Anyway...
Finally.
I was getting somewhere.
Wasn't I?
Promise me
that you won't quit.
Not until you have
the right kind of life.
Can you keep a secret?
Surprisingly well. actually.
I was gonna break up with him
that weekend.
And now he's gone. and I know
I'm supposed to feel.
like. devastated
but I... I don't...
I don't.
No. You feel what
you're supposed to feel.
Does that make me
a terrible person?
No.
I think it makes you honest.
I don't know. I think
I'm still going to hell.
Man. you're talking to a guy
who works on Wall Street.
Oh. you're
definitely going to hell.
Do you want to grab dinner
this week?
Yes.
Um. my office can grab us
a reservation at The Modern.
Uh. it's midtown. Um...
I've never been there.
but I hear it's great.
Yeah.
Or we could keep it simple
and cook something?
Yeah. simple. I love simple.
I know. Dramatic. right?
What are you doing?
We had an agreement.
First off. how did you
get in my apartment?
I took a key
right in front of you.
No. I remember.
Two calls. two emails.
nothing back?
- I've been occupied.
- With what?
Occupations.
Go on.
Come on.
How long have
we known each other?
- Quite some time.
- So you should
be able to tell me anything.
I'll go first.
We're flat broke.
My husband
lied to me for years.
and he's an absolute coward.
Now you go.
I have nothing to tell you.
I would never judge.
For what?
Well. that would sour things
between us. wouldn't it?
I don't like it sour.
I like it sweet.
Oh. my God. Julia. I'm s...
- What?
- You have to go.
Are you
fucking kidding me?
- I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- What the hell?
I'm sorry.
You've gotta go.
- Hey.
- Hi.
It's a bit of a culinary
disaster in there.
Oh. Uh. oh. no.
Everything okay or...?
Uh. do you want
to go out to eat?
Yeah. sure.
Great.
These students.
I love them. but...
Tell me about it.
They all want
to be millionaires.
but none of them
want an actual job.
They all gotta
have a dream. right?
- I get it. but...
- Thank you.
Thank you.
I mean. I think it's...
I think it's good
to want more.
Okay. gun to your head.
What would you even do
with a billion dollars?
Why do you have
a gun to my head?
Answer the question.
Get those chopstick guns
out of my face.
Answer the question.
I don't know.
I'd take you
to a better restaurant.
Working in fashion
was my lifelong goal. right?
Like. I had tunnel vision.
And now all I can think about
is the time I put in.
What. uh. we shouldn't
chase what we want?
The thing is.
I think I knew the whole time.
- Knew what?
- That I didn't like it.
That I might be happier
making shit money
and having a cactus garden.
It's just scary
to dream small.
Nobody teaches us
how to do that.
Uh. sorry. I...
I don't mean
to interrupt. but...
at this point.
you met someone.
you had a good career.
Was that not enough?
Enough what?
Look...
It wasn't lost on me.
I had a good job.
a budding romance.
Maybe I should hit pause
on the systematic killing
of my entire family.
Reservation at Manilla's.
Friday?
Friday? Get outta here.
No way.
Becket. it's me again.
And you're not answering...
again.
I wouldn't ignore me
much longer.
Something bad might happen. muchacho.
But how
could I quit now?
I mean. not even one had been
investigated as a murder.
Was I that good?
Maybe I was that good.
Of course. by this point.
the family had realized
that something was up.
CEO.
And now. adoption icon.
Take my Aunt Cassandra.
She had gotten sort of famous
for adopting. like. 11 kids
from 11 different countries
and they spoke 11 different
languages around the house.
Okay. I am on the phone.
We can see that. right?
Do we know phone.
or do I need to tattoo it
on my fucking forehead?
She heard about
the deaths in the family
and got a laser-based security
system installed
in all four of her houses.
But there wasn't
a security system
at the Blessings
of the Desert Day Spa
where she spent
every Tuesday afternoon.
I'm sorry to disturb you.
We're offering complimentary
teeth whitening services
until 5 o'clock.
if you're interested.
I have some literature
on the process.
safety information.
if you'd like.
I didn't
come here to read.
Blessings.
The special ingredient
was carbamide peroxide
which is so close
to the acidic agent
found in teeth whitener
that the police thought
she must have bought
an off-brand batch
during her last adoption trip
to Cambodia.
Then there's
my Uncle McArthur.
Sir. you've got about
a 30-knot wind
coming out
of the north-northwest.
- Just so you know.
- Thanks. but I think
I can handle
some goddamn wind. chief.
This guy owned. like.
half The National Air
and Space Museum.
And while the rest of us
were planning
a long weekend at Key West.
he was planning an actual
trip to the actual moon.
McArthur.
what do you say to the critics
who see you spending
$50 million to fly to space
when half your employees
don't have health insurance?
Fifty? More like ninety.
Look. if I could do this kind
of thing for cheap. I would.
But it's incredibly expensive.
- Gassed up?
- Yes. sir.
Spot check?
Yes. sir.
Where's my coffee.
by the way?
Here you go.
Lock and load.
All it took
was a laminated pass
and a shirt from the mall.
Charlie 17.
you are very low. over.
1.500 square feet.
three bedrooms. doorman.
You ever have
a doorman before?
I barely had a door.
It changes your life.
I'm not even joking around.
This is original marble
from. uh. Italy.
And if you look out there.
that's what you pay
the money for.
So would you
want to live here?
With me?
I know
it's a little fast. but...
I'd really
like to have you here.
I'd love it. actually.
If I'm being honest.
Uh...
Um...
Yeah.
I'd love that too.
Now. I know the place is a lot
but Warren's gonna give me
a bridge loan
and the neighborhood's
appreciating...
Hey. hey.
I liked you when you lived
in Newark and took the bus.
You know that. right?
What?
Nothing.
By the way. I can fire you
at any time. but I won't.
To continue with this story.
and he said. he's. like...
"What are you talking about?
Where are you?"
And I was. like.
"I'm in Highland Park."
He was. like. "No..."
As for the next
Redfellow in line.
you can probably
guess who it was.
But by now.
I couldn't imagine lifting
a finger against my uncle.
much less doing the man harm.
And by that point. things were
going decently well.
The job. living situation...
You were content.
Without the wealth.
Without the inheritance.
Well...
Maybe you're right.
Maybe I was...
content.
Content enough.
And I suppose I had
more important things
to think about.
My mom's gonna
want Zinfandel.
I think we're making
the right choice. by the way.
Having an engagement party
at your home just feels.
better than
at a bar or something.
I totally agree.
I'm still thinking
about your family.
All the crazy shit.
Okay.
I don't mean to obsess.
but don't you think
that it's...
I'm not even
a part of that family.
Whatever's going on. it's got
nothing to do with us.
Besides. it's probably
over anyway.
What makes you say that?
I don't know.
Just sayin' it.
Excuse me.
Mr. Redfellow?
Becket Redfellow?
How you doing today?
Nice office
you got here.
I like it.
Just so we understand.
you said you're not an heir
to the estate.
is that correct?
As far as I know.
Well. we did
a little research. and...
Congratulations.
Wow.
Uh. it's just a little...
I... I had no idea.
Hmm. Can you answer
a few questions for us?
Yeah. I'm... I'm sorry.
Um. I... I really had no idea.
This is...
Nobody's
arguing with you.
Can you tell us
where you were
on the afternoon
of April 10th?
It would've been a Sunday.
Oh...
April 10th. Okay. Here we go.
You're
fucking kidding me.
He remembers when
and where he bought a hot dog.
Is that even him?
I don't know.
Can you see who it is?
I can't see shit.
Me neither.
All right.
follow him.
Rothburn's going down.
and Bellman's gonna go too.
They're minutes away.
I guarantee it.
I say we dump
whatever we can cut loose
before the markets catch wind.
We can say we were
forced into it. which is true.
No.
I spent 35 years
earning the trust
of these shareholders.
I'm not throwing them
to the sharks
in one afternoon.
- Oh. shit.
- What?
- Goddamn!
- Oh. whoa. Oh. oh. oh!
Is he all right?
- Becket...
- Call an ambulance!
Pass me that water.
will ya?
Listen. I'm not
gonna mince words.
You want to chase that rabbit
down the hole. huh?
Okay. That money rabbit.
Everybody loves a good chase.
And you're good at it.
But here I am.
61 years old and...
you're the only visitor
I've had all day.
Go find that person
in your life. Becket.
Whoever it is.
Work at loving them.
I mean. really work.
'Cause...
at the end of the day...
it's the only job that pays.
It was in this
unhappy moment
that I realized
an ironic truth.
There is only one left.
You can either
get rid of it.
or do what you like.
But not here.
Not under this roof.
And I think you know
I have to stand by that.
A man of my word.
One left.
But what use was it
to fantasize?
I had put all that behind me.
Hey. Becket. Letter for you.
- Thanks. Brian.
- Yep.
- Hey.
- He invited me.
What?
My grandfather.
To a dinner party
at the estate.
- Hello?
- Uh. I just...
I... I thought you said
you would never do that?
- Never do what?
- Never meet the guy.
Wait. when is this?
- Tonight.
- It's Friday.
- I know.
- Friday.
Oh. shit.
Ruth. I may not have
this opportunity again.
He never sees anyone.
You may not have
this opportunity again?
- I don't know.
- Yeah. you're right.
So be home by 7:00
or you will miss
your own fucking engagement
party. like...
Right. Of course. Of course.
Okay.
I love you. by the way.
I'm gonna call you back.
Package for Mr. Redfellow.
Remember to breathe.
Very important.
Taylor drowned.
He went to Princeton
on a swimming scholarship
and he drowned.
I became more than a bit
suspicious right then.
So I had a little friend
follow you.
Aren't those great?
I'm really happy
I went with black and white.
What do you want?
Finish it.
I'm under investigation
by the FBI.
And yet here you are.
It's almost as if.
I don't know.
they don't quite have a case.
Which is bananas.
Anyway. I will need
a down payment.
- A what?
- 300.000 by five o'clock.
Shit.
I'm done
fucking around.
It's...
You gotta be shitting me.
You still have a company
checkbook. right?
You still have access
to the accounts?
Deliver the cheques
to my husband.
He's in his office in Hoboken.
waiting on you like
a patient little puppy.
You have 30 minutes.
Any longer than that
and she'll get a package
just like the one I gave you.
Who will get a package?
Your little girlfriend.
who do you think?
Cardozo High School
in Bayside. Queens. right?
She's in for quite the shock.
For what it's worth.
I was hoping
for a different arrangement.
Something a bit more fun.
But you blew it. Becket.
Brian.
Call Fritzer in Vienna.
We're gonna sell P&G.
Tell him to name his price.
Call? Am I allowed to do that?
What? Just do it.
Uh-huh.
I've got him right now.
Yes. ma'am.
Headed North on Hanover.
That's North. Hanover.
Sir?
Excuse me. sir!
Excuse me?
He's just not here.
I don't...
Is that her?
Gimme that.
I'm here. I got your cheques.
you sociopathic.
conniving bitch.
Jesus Christ. Becket.
This could've been anyone.
Call it off.
Well. just write
the checks first. will you?
I want to be positive...
Cheer up. Lyle.
You're about to make
a lot of money.
I'm not gonna make
any money. Are you kidding?
She's just gonna take it
and leave.
I'm not the one
she wants anyway.
But you... you're really
coming up in the world. huh?
Just... Just a little bastard.
Just a little bastard
from Newark.
I'd already committed
embezzlement and assault.
So fuck it.
Going down.
Hi!
How are you?
Thank you for coming.
On account of the storm.
I decided to cancel
the festivities tonight.
But I just couldn't
turn you down.
Whitelaw.
Becket.
Did you bring an appetite?
So...
Been working your way
up the financial ladder.
Is that right?
Trying to.
I understand
you've come a long ways.
Must've really
put in the hours.
A filthy business. though.
isn't it?
How do you mean?
Come on.
One professional to another.
you must have. uh...
broken a few heads.
bumped off some of
the competition. no?
Two or three. maybe.
Would you take any of it back?
Because
this sort of life is...
it isn't cut out for everyone.
is it?
It would make
some people tired.
Old.
Lonely.
Regretful.
But me. I've always felt
I know a certain truth.
that the only thing
that really hurts us in life
is the voice
of our own conscience...
telling us a story
about right and wrong.
And if you know
how to turn your head
just right into the wind.
you can make that voice
go down to a whisper.
After a while...
you might never hear it
at all.
She was my favorite.
by the way.
Sharpest of the bunch.
Always knew what she wanted
and willing to fight for it.
Why didn't you help her...
when she needed it?
You know where
this is all going. don't you?
Come on.
I wanna show you something...
before Charles
brings out the pudding.
A trench gun.
belonged to your
great-great-uncle.
World War I.
These... These things
mortified the Germans.
They'd never seen anything
like it.
Here.
Go ahead.
Draw a bead on something.
I want you to try this.
Here.
Right here.
I better be going.
Where to?
Home.
You're almost there.
Well...
you better go quickly then.
Go on and fuckin' run!
Doors are boarded up
from the outside.
- Charles made sure of that.
- Shit!
There's no way out!
Go on. Tire yourself!
Come to my house to kill me?
You best have done that
when I gave you the chance.
Okay. Okay.
Believe this.
My final murder
was not a murder at all
but a perfectly legitimate
act of self-defense.
All right.
Sheriff's Department's
on the way.
Okay.
They're just gonna
talk to you. okay?
All right. All right. Um...
I... I need to... I need to go
'cause I have
my engagement party.
It started an hour ago.
Whose engagement party?
It's mine.
So you had
no relationship
with your grandfather?
I'd never met him
before tonight.
- Not even once?
- Never.
Look. if I'm not
legally required to be here.
I need to leave.
You're not
legally required to.
but. uh...
I'd prefer if you stay.
Okay.
I'll give you
the full explanation.
You're withholding
something from me.
You've been withholding
So right now...
you have to tell me
what's up...
or I'm out.
Sometimes in life.
you gotta take a deep breath.
come clean
to the person you love.
This was not
one of those times.
I only told her
what she'd see on the news.
... is indeed
dead. and it seems...
My grandfather was gone.
...some sort of altercation...
And as for the fortune.
well...
The right kind
of life.
This had to be it. right?
Sure. she had
a few misgivings.
but we can handle that later.
For now. I was rich.
And being rich
is even better
than you imagine.
You know I mentioned earlier.
this is a tragedy.
Still is.
- Donald Macnamara. my wife.
- Hello.
- Such a pleasure.
- Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
- Hi.
- Nancy Dillard. the Dillards.
- Nice to meet you.
- Mmm-hmm.
Megan Pinfield.
FBI.
Hello.
Can you shut that door
behind you. please?
Look. not to be uncouth.
but this is...
heroically bad timing.
Yeah. you're under arrest.
I need you to stay calm
and cooperate.
- I'm under arrest? For what?
- For murder.
Of who?
Lyle Archdale.
Hey. wait!
What do we do?
Ruth. I love...
Can you believe it?
After all this.
I'd go down for a killing
I didn't even commit.
Now we wanna
point out to listeners
that Becket Redfellow
crossed state lines.
which is why his trial
is unfolding in federal court
where murder can still mean
capital punishment
for citizens of New Jersey.
As we can see
from these security tapes.
Mr. Redfellow
burst into the office
at approximately 5:03 p.m..
and then emerged
just four minutes later.
which is consistent
with the estimated time
of Mr. Archdale's death.
Now. we've heard
from the coroner
that he estimates
the time of death
between 5:06 and 5:15 p.m.
And we've heard
from the eyewitness
in the hallway.
who positively identifies
Mr. Redfellow.
Sir. can you confirm that
this is the murder weapon?
Uh. I can confirm
that it is. yes.
And did you find
the defendant's fingerprints
on the murder weapon?
I did. yes.
How certain are you that. uh.
these are his fingerprints?
I'm 100% certain.
A letter opener.
My entire life
because of a letter opener.
You were the first
to find your husband's body.
Is that correct?
Yes.
Tell me. Were you in love with
Mr. Redfellow at the time?
Yes.
And he with you?
Becket Redfellow
has been in love with me
his entire life.
I just never thought he would
do something like this.
I'm sorry.
Will the defense
please rise?
Upon the verdict.
the jury finds the defendant.
Becket Redfellow.
guilty of murder
in the first degree
as charged in the indictment
and that
the punishment of death
shall be imposed.
May the sentence
be recorded by the clerk.
May God rest his soul.
Thank you.
I wish I could find
the right words
to describe this juncture
in my story.
Cell 15. secure!
But there are
no right words.
There's only time.
And silence.
Yo.
You got a visitor.
You got three minutes.
You must be quite the catch
back there.
You got a big day
coming up. huh?
You remember that game
we used to play as kids?
I'd have a secret. and...
you'd try to guess
what it was.
If you've got
something to say. say it.
All right.
I'll give you a hint.
- It involves handwriting.
- You're foul.
You're a lump of coal
with makeup.
I'd rather die in here
than be with you.
I'll give you another hint.
Lyle...
when I found him like that...
I found something else. too.
And beautifully written.
I might add.
What's with the white?
Are you boys playing doctor
back there?
Did Lyle leave a note?
Is that what you're saying?
- You know...
- If Lyle wrote a note...
- I think I might just leave...
- If that's what you're saying.
in the name
of all things holy.
you have to release it.
- Oh. now you want to talk?
- What do you want?
- Becket...
What could you possibly have
to offer?
No. no. no. no. no!
Hey. hey. hey! Stop!
- That's it!
- Tell me! Stop! Stop!
I have 30 seconds!
- You got 25.
- Okay.
- Sit down.
- Julia!
Julia. come here. please!
Please!
Okay.
What do you want?
Just give me a moment.
I'm gonna die in 24 hours.
You don't want that to happen.
I know you don't want that
to happen.
Give me everything.
Sign it over to...
You need anything else?
Got a priest?
Well. that was some hours ago.
And if you're curious
why I've been so calm
and self-assured
for a man
set to be executed in...
it's because I thought
our friend Julia. might. uh...
might come through in the end.
I wonder if she's coming.
"The Lord is my shepherd
"I shall not want.
"He maketh me to lie down
in green pastures.
"He leadeth me
beside the still waters."
"He restoreth my soul.
"He leadeth me
in the paths of righteousness
"for his name's sake.
"Yea. though I walk through
"the valley
of the shadow of death
"I will fear no evil
"for thou art with me.
"Thy rod and thy staff
they comfort me."
Redfellow.
You're not gonna
fuckin' believe this.
First and foremost.
we have absolute faith
in our forensic team...
Open 15.
Let's go.
You came.
All right.
♪ Hey. hey. dee-dee ♪
♪ Take me back to Piauí ♪
I told you
this is a tragedy.
It's not about me. is it?
I think it's about you.
with all your values
and deep-rooted expectations.
You thought this would end
differently.
And in a perfect universe.
it would have.
But someone once told me
that the only thing
that can hurt us in life
is the voice
of our own conscience
telling us a story
about right and wrong.
If you turn your head
just right into the wind.
you can make that voice
go down to a whisper.
And after a while.
you might never hear it
at all.
♪ Hey. hey. dee-dee ♪
♪ Take me back to Piauí ♪
♪ Everybody ♪
♪ Hey. hey. dee-dee ♪
♪ Take me back to Piauí ♪
- ♪ Take me back to Piauí ♪
- ♪ Hey. hey. dee-dee ♪
♪ Adeus. Paris tropical ♪
♪ Adeus. Brigitte Bardot ♪
♪ O champanhe me fez mal ♪
♪ Caviar já me enjoou ♪
♪ Simonal que estava certo ♪
♪ Na razão do Patropi ♪
♪ Eu também que sou esperto ♪
♪ Vou viver no Piauí ♪
♪ Hey. hey. dee-dee ♪
♪ Take me back to Piauí ♪
♪ Everybody ♪
♪ Hey. hey. dee-dee
♪ Take me back to Piauí ♪
♪ Hey. hey. dee-dee ♪
- ♪ Take me back to Piauí ♪
♪ Meu Deus. meu Deus ♪
♪ Take me back to Piauí ♪
♪ Hey. hey. dee-dee ♪
♪ Hey. hey. dee-dee... ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm